Add GitLab commands (#59)
empa-scientific-it/how-to-git: src/content/docs/guides/03-plan-work.mdx

This will only create a link to that issue, but not a parent-child relationship.

<Tabs syncKey="option">
  <TabItem label="GitHub">
    Lastly, have a look at the `Relationships` section on the right-hand side.
    ![Issue relationships button](src/assets/github/issue-relationships.png)
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="GitLab">
    Lastly, have a look at the `Linked Items` section underneath the issue description.
    ![Issue relationships example](src/assets/gitlab/issue-relationships.png)
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

In that section, not only can you add parent relationships to other issues, but also mention **blocking** relationships.
That is, if one issue cannot be started or completed until another issue is resolved, you can indicate that by adding a blocking relationship and specifying which issue is blocking which.

### Closing issues
Once a task is **completed**, you can close the relevant issue by clicking the button at the bottom of the issue page.
It is always useful to add a **comment** before closing, summarizing what was done to resolve the issue.
In the case that an issue is not going to be addressed, you can close it as **not planned**.

> Otherwise, if you notice that more than one issues try to address the same task, you can close one of them as a **duplicate** of the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, if you notice that more than one issue tries to address the same task, you can close one of them as a **duplicate** of the other.
```
